Adds a profiler to `lute run` (#746)
luau-lang/lute: docs/cli/run.md

lute <script.luau> [args...]
```

```bash
lute --profile [--profile-output somefile] [--frequency <number> ] <script.luau> [args...]
```

> will profile the execution of `script.luau` at the provided frequency, outputting the trace to a file called

Reviewer: can you add the units of frequency?

Reviewer: oh i see it below, although it might still be useful here too

Reviewer: i think we should also document the default frequency here and below

Author: Yup, I'll add this.

somefile.

## Options

### `-h, --help`

Display this usage message.

### `--profile`

Enable profiling for the script being passed to `lute run`. Default sampling frequency is

> 10000Hz, and default profile name is <datetime>_<filename>.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10000Hz, and default output filename is <datetime>_<filename>.json.
```
